midwifery Please go to the placement section of the student sharepoint. This can be found by clicking on the “your learning” section and then “practice learning” or via the direct link below: https://uniofnottm.sharepoint.com/sites/SoHSStudentExperience2/SitePages/Placement-Information.aspx

nursing Please go to the placement section of the student sharepoint. This can be found by clicking on the “your learning” section and then “practice learning” or via the direct link below:https://uniofnottm.sharepoint.com/sites/SoHSStudentExperience2/SitePages/Placement-Information.aspx

physiotherapy Please go to the placement section of the student sharepoint. This can be found by clicking on the “your learning” section and then “practice learning” or via the direct link below: https://uniofnottm.sharepoint.com/sites/SoHSStudentExperience2/SitePages/Placement-Information.aspx More information can be found on Moodle PHRS2030, and PHRS3200

sport rehab On Moodle "BSc Sport Rehabilitation All Cohorts" you will find a "placement information" with generic information regarding placements.

midwifery Midwifery Placements are allocated across the following trust partners: Chesterfield Royal Hospital NHS Foundation Trust, Nottingham University Hospitals NHS Trust, Sherwood Forest Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, University Hospitals of Derby & Burton NHS Foundation Trust... Students will be allocated to “home” and “away” bases during the programme and so will be expected to experience at least two of the above practice organisations. Students will be allocated their “away” base in year one of the programme and their “home” base in years two and three. Allocated placements can be viewed on ARC POW (Student Records System) – placements on the Web

nursing Placements are allocated accross our placement circuit to ensure a breadth of experience. You will be informed when allocations have been released to students. Allocated placements can be viewed on ARC POW (Student Records System) – placements on the Web

physiotherapy Placements are allocated accross our placement circuit to ensure a breadth of experience. You will be informed when allocations have been released to students. Allocated placements can be viewed on ARC POW (Student Records System) – placements on the Web

sport rehab Placements are allocated accross our placement circuit to ensure a breadth of experience. You will be informed when allocations have been released to students. Allocated placements can be viewed on ARC POW (Student Records System) – placements on the Web

midwifery Placements are allocated by the Placement Allocation team who will ensure you experience a range of placements to meet your programme requirements. You will be informed when your next placement is available to view on ARC POW (Student Records System) – placements on the Web. https://uniofnottm.sharepoint.com/sites/SoHSStudentExperience2/SitePages/ARCPOW.aspx

nursing Placements are allocated by the Placement Allocation team who will ensure you experience a range of placements to meet your programme requirements. You will be informed when your next placement is available to view on ARC POW (Student Records System) – placements on the Web. https://uniofnottm.sharepoint.com/sites/SoHSStudentExperience2/SitePages/ARCPOW.aspx

physiotherapy Placements are allocated by the Placement Allocation team who will ensure you experience a range of placements to meet your programme requirements. You will be informed when your next placement is available to view on ARC POW (Student Records System) – placements on the Web. https://uniofnottm.sharepoint.com/sites/SoHSStudentExperience2/SitePages/ARCPOW.aspx

sport rehab Placements are allocated by the Placement Allocation team who will ensure you experience placements to meet your programme requirements. You will be informed when your next placement is available to view on ARC POW (Student Records System) – placements on the Web. https://uniofnottm.sharepoint.com/sites/SoHSStudentExperience2/SitePages/ARCPOW.aspx

midwifery You can access ARCPOW via the button on the placement sharepoint https://uniofnottm.sharepoint.com/sites/SoHSStudentExperience2/SitePages/Placement-Information.aspx

nursing You can access ARCPOW via the button on the placement sharepoint https://uniofnottm.sharepoint.com/sites/SoHSStudentExperience2/SitePages/Placement-Information.aspx

physiotherapy You can access ARCPOW via the button on the placement sharepoint https://uniofnottm.sharepoint.com/sites/SoHSStudentExperience2/SitePages/Placement-Information.aspx

sport rehab You can access ARCPOW via the button on the placement sharepoint https://uniofnottm.sharepoint.com/sites/SoHSStudentExperience2/SitePages/Placement-Information.aspx

midwifery We aim to release as much information as possible at the start of the academic year. It may not always be possible to release a full year at this stage. Students will know their base for the full year.

nursing Placements are released individually as soon as we have confirmation from practice partners. We aim to release placements as early as possible. Where we are unable to release placements 4 weeks in advance, we will let you know.

physiotherapy Placements are released individually as soon as we have confirmation from practice partners. We aim to release placements as early as possible. Where we are unable to release placements 4 weeks in advance, we will let you know.

sport rehab Placements are released individually as soon as we have confirmation from practice partners. We aim to release placements as early as possible. Where we are unable to release placements 4 weeks in advance, we will let you know.

midwifery Placement blocks are found on the UG academic planner which is found on your BSc Midwifery (all years) Moodle page

nursing Placement blocks are found on the UG academic planner which is found on your BSc/GEN all years moodle page.

physiotherapy Placement dates are on the academic year planner. These can be found on your BSc Physiotherapy (all years) moodle page.

sport rehab Placement dates are on the academic year planner. These can be found on your BSc Sport Rehabilitation (all years) moodle page.

midwifery We are fortunate to have access to a wide placement circuit which offers a breadth of experiences for our students. Travel time to placements will vary. Where travel times exceed an hour, the school recommends that students seek alternative accommodation near the clinical placement.If you have any concerns, please contact your personal tutor for a discussion and to look at support options such as placement exchange and Placement adjustment process.

nursing We are fortunate to have access to a wide placement circuit which offers a breadth of experiences for our students. Travel time to placements will vary. Where travel times exceed an hour, the school recommends that students seek alternative accommodation near the clinical placement.If you have any concerns, please contact your personal tutor for a discussion and to look at support options such as placement exchange and Special considerations process.

physiotherapy We are fortunate to have access to a wide placement circuit which offers a breadth of experiences for our students. Travel time to placements will vary. Where travel times exceed an hour, the school recommends that students seek alternative accommodation near the clinical placement.If you have any concerns, please contact your personal tutor for a discussion and to look at support options such as placement exchange and Special considerations process.

sport rehab We are fortunate to have access to a wide placement circuit which offers a breadth of experiences for our students. Travel time to placements will vary. Where travel times exceed an hour, the school recommends that students seek alternative accommodation near the clinical placement.If you have any concerns, please contact your personal tutor for a discussion and to look at support options such as placement exchange and Special considerations process.

midwifery No, you are unable to find your own placements as standard with the exception of the elective placement. All standard placements are arranged by us to ensure they have completed an audit and meet our quality standards. Information about the elective will be presented within your programme module.

nursing No, you are unable to find your own placements as standard with the exception of the elective placement. All standard placements are arranged by us to ensure they have completed an audit and meet our quality standards. Information about the elective will be presented within your programme module.

physiotherapy No, you are unable to find your own placement. All of our placements are arranged by us to ensure they have completed an audit and meet our quality standards.

sport rehab No, you are unable to find your own placement. All of our placements are arranged by us to ensure they have completed an audit and meet our quality standards.

If you need this as a .txt file, simply copy and paste all or use the “export” feature in your application of choice
